*(This post was imported, please [contact](/#/contact) me if there's anything wrong with it. Thanks in advance)*

<div class="entry-body">
<h3>Starting in</h3>
<p>
	Wise Men brought us lot of gifts. As usually, I wrote them a letter with some ideas I found useful. This year, my premise was *cold*. I mean, use to be cold when leaving to School every morning, so asked for gloves, an scarf and some warm clothes. It seems I've been a good dude, so they'll keep me wrapped up warm during some more years. Really, really, really thanks.
</p>
<br />
<h3>People still don't trust on computers</h3>
<p>
	And even less, in monetary transactions, indeed. We're doing something bad, people just prefers to physically give their credit cards to someone than sending the [magic] numbers over the Net (always under same scenarios; I mean, objects you don't actually need to try like clothes and so on), curious. Or not so, in fact, I think it doesn't fully depend on security, security is not the key we must look for (we must *always* improve it, but this improvement alone isn't the answer). It's more likely to be hold in the brain, yes.
</p>
<p>
	Some months ago, I was watching a TV program on babies cognition and memory (I'm sorry, don't remember the name). When just one year old, their knowledge of the world is limited to their sight area. For example, if a baby likes to play with his yellow duck, his perception of its existence appears just when the yellow duck is visible. When not, he'll propably (surely, better said) start crying, until the duck is placed again in his vision angle.
</p>
<p>
	Something similar happens with computers, with data surfing along the Net: we can't see where our [confidential or not] data is travelling to. If you put your credit card number into a text box, it becomes... a text box? I think it doesn't, it becomes the yellow duck, and we feel unsecure and distrust just because our toy dissapeared from our screen. The big issue is inside of each one of us, and there's where we must work for a change. Think about it.
</p>
</div>
