*(This post was imported, please [contact](/#/contact) me if there's anything wrong with it. Thanks in advance)*

<div class="entry-body">
<h3>When you take things easier...</h3>
<p>
	It must be stress or something similar, but taking things easier always helps to see blue spaces between the sky full of clouds.
</p>
<p>
	Last week I wrote about <a href="http://www.youcannoteatbits.org/Blog/Archives/2007-May.html#Friday%2c+May+11%2c+2007">an issue</a> I had when playing with my [very] initial PeerResolvers implementation. I didn't find the root, but thanks to my mentor Atsushi I noticed I was forgetting some attributes (ServiceContract and OperationContract) inside the contract, so it was very obviously the exception thrown... Lack of concentration, I suppose.
</p>
<p>
	Today, I've updated my mcs/mono/olive sources to last revision, something I hadn't done for two or three weeks (I really encourage you not to wait so much). It scared me to think how much time I had to wait while compiling the entire modules, based on my previous experience: around three hours. In addition, this morning I also installed Mono 1.2.4 binaries, so the probability of having any sort of error during compilation was more and more close to 1. And this way it was.
</p>
<p>
	Talking with Atsushi by IRC, he told me my compilation time's too high, as we have similar machines, so something isn't going fine here. I turned off my antivirus, but things kept the same. During a <code>make clean</code> call, I've let <a href="http://www.microsoft.com/technet/sysinternals/utilities/processmonitor.mspx">Process Monitor</a> (Filemon for those who used it some time ago) tracing every process operation and, for my surprise, there's one taking more cycles than it should: LVPrcSrv.exe. It's a service related to webcam stuff, but curiously it has <a href="http://forums.logitech.com/logitech/board/message?board.id=quickcam_software&message.id=897">bad experiences with Cygwin</a>. Now it's down, compilation goes much faster. :-)
</p>
<p>
	<strong>Update:</strong> It took one hour and a half. :'-)
</p>
</div>
