*(This post was imported, please [contact](/#/contact) me if there's anything wrong with it. Thanks in advance)*

2007 has disappeared faster than I expected, which I don't find currently whether it's fine, or not. Let's assume it is.<br /><br />Having a brief look to <a href="http://www.youcannoteatbits.org/Blog/Archives/2007-January.html#Monday%2c+January+01%2c+2007">my wishes list from exactly one year ago</a>, I'd like to now which percent of achievement I got (marks are 0 points, 0.5 and 1, from missed to achieved respectively):<br /><ul><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To keep on helping for a better world (yes, I'm absolutely sure we can change it).</span> Difficult to measure, I'd say 0 or 0.5. Let's make an exception and go for <span style="font-weight: bold;">0.25</span>.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To take things easier.</span> I made my bits, but not fully. Let's say <span style="font-weight: bold;">0.5</span>.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To almost finish my studies.</span> Well, past year was my best one, but I still feel I can go better, so <span style="font-weight: bold;">0.5</span> for this one. Even more, 2008 is my last (for now) opportunity to make tests. :-)</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To be able to develop a consistent framework related to cortical activity (more to come).</span> Damn, I pushed this thing on bottom of my tasks stack. Following prediction took my summer time instead of this one, so <span style="font-weight: bold;">0</span> here.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To contribute coding/fixing some bits into Mono (I currently do, but in some other ways).</span> Both Google and Mono team gave me an opportunity to work here, but I didn't finish my entire task list, so I'd go for <span style="font-weight: bold;">0.75</span>.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To take practical lessons for playing the piano.</span> Although I collected some teacher's phone numbers, it stayed there. <span style="font-weight: bold;">0</span>.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To travel to London.</span> I was about to buy some tickets to visit Ricardo, but we postponed it. 2008 will be the one I'll get this dream, apart from previous friend, Macarena and Javi will likely move also to London. OK, back to marks, <span style="font-weight: bold;">0</span> again.</li><li><span style="font-style: italic;">To make people laugh (to achieve this, I'll need to learn new [good] jokes :-) ).</span> <span style="font-weight: bold;">1</span>, no doubt. ;-)<br /></li></ul>So, 0.25+0.5+0.5+0+0.75+0+0+1=3.0, which cast to an integer results on 3, from 8 I could have gotten... (Failing related calcs have been omitted, but you can have an idea.)<br /><br />Once I'll get a strong picture of my proposals for 2008, I'll write them down.