Since the nature of DevsDNA we use to work in a team made of people from our
company as well from others –customer included. We have dailies, and exchange
info through Skype, but always have had the feeling improvements made related to
code don’t arrive to others in order to follow the same path altogether.

A few weeks ago had the idea of Dear Developer comments: small letters in the
middle of source code which explains to others how to handle things directly in
context. For instance, a few days ago we made a large merge of 3 RESX files into
a single one, and I particularly was afraid this wouldn’t get to others, so add
this chunk as a TXT along with the final RESX:

 

`PLEASE_README_BEFORE_ADDING_STRINGS.txt`

 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Dear Developer,

From December 13th we've merged EN (Strings.resx, default one), ES and PT dictionaries to just one 
with everything in Spanish on it, as it comes from Zeplin. Please don't add anything else on it 
different to Spanish.

In a later phase final customer will provide back English and Portuguese translations.

Thanks,

Marcos

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

 

It has a few characteristic things:

-   it’s honest: I explain the issue, the reason for the change made;

-   it’s sweetie: from me to my rest of workmates, and those can contact me back
    if want more information

Maybe this’ somewhat stupid in the era we live, but it’s the most simple way
have found out to tell others to take care of things as a team of people working
for the sake of quality. It resembled those README.txt from the 90s I read once
and again.

PS: Anyone knows an UI-based RESX editor for Mac? I can do it directly in XML
but definitely an Excel-like editor is much more convenient. If it’s non
existent may be a good pet project to work on.
