### MAP_JIT error when launching a Xamarin.iOS app (II)

After multiple attempts on delaying RxUI execution we still get the same error
—notice the appearance of Akavache:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    System.Reflection.TargetInvocationException: Exception has been thrown by the target of an invocation.
    System.TypeInitializationException: The type initializer for ‘Akavache.BlobCache’ threw an exception.
    System.TypeInitializationException: The type initializer for ‘System.Reactive.Concurrency.DefaultScheduler’ threw an exception.
    System.TypeInitializationException: The type initializer for ‘System.Reactive.Concurrency.ConcurrencyAbstractionLayer’ threw an exception.
    System.TypeInitializationException: The type initializer for ‘System.Reactive.Concurrency.NewThreadScheduler’ threw an exception.
    System.NullReferenceException: Object reference not set to an instance of an object
     at System.Reactive.PlatformServices.SystemClock.Register (System.Reactive.Concurrency.LocalScheduler [...]
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

We figured out one of the SQLite packages within the iOS project was not version
aligned with the rest; however, this neither solved the issue.

One important piece’s that the same code building in MacInCloud —with iOS SDK
10.x I guess— does run fine, and my mate’s machine’s 11.x. Since we think there
must be any difference related to that which surfaces the issue.

Talking with him I learned Forms’
[DependencyService](https://github.com/xamarin/Xamarin.Forms/blob/2d9288eee6e6f197364a64308183725e7bd561f9/Xamarin.Forms.Core/DependencyService.cs)’s
actually lazy when instantiating.

### WhenTheAppWasBuilt

Adding it to a .NET Standard 2.0 lib. obviously the date returned was set at
2000s so Googled for it and discovered how `AssemblyVersion` attribute can be
brought back to .NET Standard ecosystem. We’ve noted all this down within the
[package
documentation](https://github.com/DevsDNA/WhenTheAppWasBuilt#how-to-use-it).
