In a quick sentence: I feel Xamarin ecosystem isn’t currently ready for fully
working with .NET Standard libraries. And can fully understand it, as we’re all
moving our stuff to .NET Standard but, you know, are in the process.

In order to have a ready-from-departure Xamarin.Forms app bundling .NET Standard
this must be done from Windows. (Have latest stable versions on both sides.) Or,
you can modify CSPROJs created in Mac to move from packages.config to bundled in
dependencies.

I haven’t been able to build a Xamarin.iOS —Forms actually— app which consumes a
.NET Standard 2.0 library where both consume a NuGet package having another core
.NET Standard lib. with Android and iOS ones. Take that!

To be honest, most of the issues came from ReactiveUI and Refit. iOS build
barked on missing dependencies, double ones, etc.

More in depth, most of my issues came from using ReactiveUI alpha packages,
which I needed because don’t rely on WPF’s PresentationFramework DLL and target
.NET Standard. It was crazy to play adding and removing stuff to check whether
the NuGet package could be installed —and building— in a blank Forms app.

However, I learnt a few interesting things, as for instance:

-   sometimes I saw the dependencies computed didn’t match those actual. Using
    `dotnet` CLI, it cleans NuGets everywhere in my machine:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

    $ dotnet nuget locals all -c
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(`-l` will list the dirs. so you can get in and double check.)

Oh, and noticed VS for Mac [doesn’t support word
wrapping](https://forums.xamarin.com/discussion/19743/how-to-enable-word-wrap-in-text-editor)
:-( Never needed this before but going through a build output it’d have been so
handy.

So, I decided to get rid of NuGet packaging today, and focus on the value,
which’s the libs. content. Will be back to packaging in a close future and for
sure will success then 🤞
