Following with yesterday task, double checked the `HttpClient` was being
refreshed correctly in both Android & iOS and jumped to add some unit tests.

Our `BaseViewModel` relies on ReactiveUI so the first issue I encountered was
NUnit console barking on a missing PresentationFramework.dll (WPF, actually).
Asking Google found a comment on a GitHub issue where Geoffrey Huntley
recommends to consume myget packages as ReactiveUI is on 8.0 (pre-stage
packages) where WPF dependency has already being removed.

And it worked! However, as soon as in my tests any `PropertyChanged` event is
being fired a get another exception on a missing type (don’t remember which one
was now). No problem, a workaround is to encapsulate such prop. setting
—actually already is— and fake it like:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    mockViewModel.Setup(vm => vm.SetBusy(true, It.IsAny<bool>()))
                 .Verifiable();
    mockViewModel.Setup(vm => vm.SetBusy(false, It.IsAny<bool>()))
                 .Verifiable();
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

(We already had such encapsulation because don’t want every parent VM to force a
loading overlay.)

Since I want to test a `protected` method in a base class, my initial attempt
has been to make my tests class inherit such; however, finally found a better
approach of adding a `FakeViewModel` class in the tests project and use this
last for testing:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    public class FakeViewModel : BaseReactiveViewModel
    {
        [...]

        public async Task<bool> Test(Func<Task<bool>> operation)
        {
            var result = await ExecuteInternetBoundCallAsync(() => operation());

            return result;
        }

        public override void SetBusy(bool busyState, bool disableBusy)
        {
            // Intentionally blank
        }

        protected override Task RefreshTokenAndGatewaysAsync()
        {
            return Task.FromResult(Unit.Default);
        }
    }
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

`Test()` is our friendly endpoint here. One of the tests I was looking for is
making sure after 1 and/or max. retries it ends up returning the expected value,
so this `Operation()` allows me to easily set each test up:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    Task<bool> Operation()
    {
        if (howManyFailsBeforeSuccess > 0)
        {
            howManyFailsBeforeSuccess--;

            var ex = ApiException.Create(new HttpResponseMessage(HttpStatusCode.Unauthorized));
            throw ex.Result;
        }

        return Task.FromResult(true);
    }
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

And, finally, a test looks like:

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
    [Test]
    public async Task GettingUnauthorizedThreeTimesForcesARetryAndWorks()
    {
        howManyFailsBeforeSuccess = MaxRetries;

        var success = await mockViewModel.Object.Test(Operation);

        Assert.IsTrue(success);
    }
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

I’d like to ask you:

-   would you have done the `FakeViewModel` approach in a different/better way?

Thanks in advance!
