After some months working on
[WebGL.NET](https://github.com/WaveEngine/WebGL.NET) this Wednesday we've
finally created the first NuGet. I've been personally avoiding doing this
because we rely on some Mono's NuGets which are not public so anyone adding ours
will get a bunch of errors.

However, we neeed such. Wave Engine was consuming WebGL through a submodule
inside a submodule and such dependency was breaking flow to some of my
workmates. I discussed this with Dani and found a medium-term solution:
- creating a private feed on Azure DevOps and put every Mono dependency there
  isolated, and
- publish WebGL.NET under preview and alert on above in a noticeable place -I
  think still noone has still used such but there it's :-)

Also, I discovered this [game](http://deat.tk/jazz2/wasm/) which's using our
project from sources and even have evolved it in some places. If people can
consume it through NuGet I believe will report issues back and we all can gain
from that. Eric Mellino's done something similar too, and provided good issues
:-)

So, the NuGet is just there and it works. I must say we're close to complete
every low-level Wave Engine visual test on Wasm so it reforces the idea of
having WebGL.NET somewhat stable.

Working on 2D & 3D textures this week I've written once and again this portion:
```csharp
IntPtr data = [...] // Imagine a large chunk of bytes
var colors = new byte[length];
Marshal.Copy(data, colors, colors.Length);

GL.TexImage2D([...], colors);
```

, and, obviously, this should be done *inside* our binding, exposing a new
overload for passing pixels as `IntPtr`. Actually OpenGL/ES does something
similar too.

Today Miguel de Icaza has told us in Twitter Mono's Wasm bits will be launched
by the end of the year and that's great. Still the development workflow is rough
but for sure this will improve; however, even in this way, Wasm is a great
platform to target because of the browser-based and native execution tuple.