*(This post was imported, please [contact](#/contact) me if there's anything wrong with it. Thanks in advance)*

We are at <a href="http://www.plainconcepts.com/">Plain Concepts</a>, the Xamarin Team, investigating new ways to make use of <a href="http://xamarin.com/forms">Xamarin.Forms</a> to help our customers success on the main three mobile platforms: Android, iOS and Windows Phone. Most of our projects have been made using <a href="https://github.com/MvvmCross/MvvmCross">MVVMCross</a> as backend plus native UI for each target. Our company has special care for the visual side of every project, so this approach has given us the chance to follow the designs provided by our lovely Design &amp; UX Team. But, after being playing around with Xamarin.Forms since the last year, we have seen a great opportunity to build apps with it, specially for those customers where the main goal is to reach every market, and not having strong visual requirements.

Instead of starting a Xamarin.Forms project from scratch, we took a small piece of an existing one and tried to mimic the same app. Such was made with MVVMCross. As you probably already know there is no need to put an MVVM framework for Xamarin.Forms, as this last one brings its own navigation model, etc.; in the end, most of the needed stuff to make your app following the MVVM pattern. So, at the beginning, we started adding every ViewModel to our Xamarin.Forms solution, removing all those "Mvx" coincidences. It took some minutes to have the first view being rendered with its corresponding ViewModel set as DataContext, but the hard work came when it was time to move every Service. And not just that, but also every MVVMCross plug-in which made our life happier by that time, now we had to look for a different approach for each one of them. Senseless. So much work. There should be an easier approach...

We kept looking on Google whether people had already solved this issue: "xamarin.forms mvvmcross". And, we landed on <a href="http://blog.ostebaronen.dk/2014/07/xamarinforms-and-mvvmcross.html">this post from Tomasz Cielecki</a> (BTW, congratulations for the Xamarin MVP award, you deserve it!) Exactly what we needed. With almost no change on the entire MVVMCross solution, we could just add the Xamarin.Forms pages and done. To be honest, there was one change to make which is to add <code>IValueConverter</code> (the one from Xamarin.Forms) interface to all those converters which are used on the new pages' bindings. But nothing else, it is an easy one. Within a few hours we had the above mentioned portion running with Xamarin.Forms on Android, iOS and... Ops, no Windows Phone side currently, the example from Tomasz did not include such one.

Why do not we code it? Tomasz's approach relies on MVVMCross' custom presenters, which is something we have already customized a few times for our customers. We took the iOS approach as the base for the Windows Phone one, and thanks to our mate <a href="https://twitter.com/danielcaceresm">Daniel Cáceres</a> which has a solid background on Windows Phone development, the app then was able to run on Windows Phone as well.

<a href="items/images/01w-main.png">
*img class="wp-image-12 size-full" src="items/images/01w-main.png" alt="01w.main" width="480" height="800" /></a> Tomasz's Xamarin.Forms/MVVMCross sample app running on Windows Phone*

This week I <a href="https://github.com/MarcosCobena/Xam.Forms.Mvx">published all those changes on my personal GitHub account</a>, which is a fork from Tomasz's repository, and made him a pull request. Through Twitter he pointed us to his Cheesebaron.MvxPlugins, where <a href="https://github.com/Cheesebaron/Cheesebaron.MvxPlugins/tree/master/FormsPresenters">he has already made the Windows Phone side also</a>, and ready to be consumed as an MVVMCross plug-in. We are working on it to check everything works with the latest Xamarin.Forms release, which changes the way the engine gets initialized, and will make a new pull request if needed during the following days.
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="es"><a href="https://twitter.com/CobenaMarcos">@CobenaMarcos</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/slodge">@slodge</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/plainconcepts">@plainconcepts</a> cool stuff. I pulled some of the Presenters out and they are now in MvxPlugins. Could you take a look?

— Tomasz Cielecki (@Cheesebaron) <a href="https://twitter.com/Cheesebaron/status/557949784078954496">enero 21, 2015</a></blockquote>
Using Xamarin.Forms with MVVMCross is a huge WIN for us at Plain Concepts. We have acquired a strong confidence on MVVMCross during the last year, and has been beautiful to discover Xamarin.Forms just works on top of it. The next logical question is: would it be possible to blend Xamarin.Forms' pages and native UIs during a navigation? :-)